Fix owncloudcmd (#315)
owncloud/docs-client-desktop: modules/ROOT/pages/advanced_usage/command_line_client.adoc

:toc: right
:page-aliases: advanced_usage/command_line_options.adoc

== Introduction

The ownCloud Client packages contain a command line client, `owncloudcmd`, that can be used to synchronize ownCloud files to client machines.

== Command Description

`owncloudcmd` performs a single _sync run_ and then exits the synchronization process. In this manner, `owncloudcmd` processes the differences between client and server directories and propagates the files to bring both repositories to the same state. Contrary to the GUI-based client, `owncloudcmd` does not repeat synchronizations on its own. It also does not monitor for file system changes.

To invoke `owncloudcmd`, you must provide the local and the remote repository URL using the following command:

[source,console]
----
owncloudcmd [options] source_dir server_url remote_folder.
----

* `sourcedir` is the local directory,
* `owncloudurl` is the server URL and
* `remote_folder` is a remote folder.

Other command line switches supported by `owncloudcmd` include the following:

[width="100%",cols="35%,65%",options="header"]
|===
| Switch
| Description

| `-s, --silent`
| Don't be so verbose.

| `--httpproxy <http://server:port>`

> | Specify a http proxy to use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Specify a HTTP proxy to use.
```

| `--trust`
| Trust the SSL certification

| `--exclude <file>`
| Path to an exclude list [file]

| `--unsyncedfolders <file>` 
| File containing the list of unsynced remote folders (selective sync)

| `--server <url>`

> | Use [url] as the location of the server. OCIS only (server location and spaces url can differ)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Use [url] as the location of the server. Infinite Scale only (server location and spaces URL can differ)
```
